[Music]
look I get it everybody wants faster
internet right it's a universally
understood principle people want fast
internet you like your games to download
fast you like your movies to stream well
you like your music to stream well and
if you're looking to upgrade beyond your
internet service providers Wi-Fi or
router ubiquity is a great option and
something we've shown off before but
they haven't really had anything on the
router side in the price class that
makes sense for normal people unless
you're like an Enthusiast like me and
you like to spend money on things that
really don't metet you that much more
but might be kind of cool and fun to
Tinker with well this is a new Option
from ibiquity the cloud Gateway Max it's
a 2.5 gig something that has been kind
of missing router network controller NVR
all in this tiny little box and it's
only 200 bucks which for this feature
set is a price point that has not
existed up until now at least from
ubiquity what else we got in the Box
here power brick yep oh look this is one
of those new fandangled ether lighting
does this have ether lighting I don't
think so oh my God if it did that would
be hilarious I'll have to find that out
in a sec screws little fies if you want
to put it on your desk power cable
propaganda that's it now because this is
a router it might not be the most
visually exciting thing but it is very
Sleek we've got a little just about 1 in
sideways I don't know probably half an
inch third of an inch tall LCD screen on
the front that'll show some statistics
got some ventilation on the bottom on
the side this is huge because the other
options in this price point like the
dream router which is also $200 might
have Wi-Fi but if you want to expand the
storage for your UniFi protect security
cameras it only had micro SD which is
kind of crappy this is an m.2 slot it
can fit up to a 22 110 I think which is
a fulls size like Enterprise SSD I will
say that at $200 it doesn't come with
the sled that makes an SSD fit in here
uh if you buy one of the more expensive
options which come with included storage
it does come with the sled I'm not huge
on this one I mean I get it if somebody
doesn't need it don't charge them for it
and don't include it but also it seems
like a part that would cost like a
dollar and uh they charge 20 bucks for
it if you don't buy the option that
includes it I'm sure somebody's going to
3D print a thing that'll make it work or
something like that but for now no bueno
if you go with the $200 base option
we've got a little reset button to reset
the config USBC power in and then this
the star of the show 2.5 gig Wan port
and four 2.5 gig Lan ports I can't tell
you how many times I've seen this you
get a 1.5 gig or 2 gig internet
connection and the Wi-Fi router that you
get has a 2.5 gig in and only 1 gig out
so you're not even taking advantage of
it unless you have like a billion Wi-Fi
devices streaming at the same time which
let's be honest it probably can't even
handle that either in this setup you've
got 2.5 g on all the ports and you can
actually configure one of the Lan ones
to also be another Wan Port which is a
nice touch I mean that's pretty much it
on the outside it's a router it's an NVR
it's a network controller it supposedly
can handle 30 UniFi devices under
control which is sick I mean for a small
business one of these things would be
freaking awesome it also has intrusion
detection and protection at speeds of up
to 1.5 gig which is not the full line
right but remember this is also a $200
device which is pretty sick let's get
this thing plugged in all right I'm not
sure why they didn't just stick these on
from the factory I know that they have
an optional wall mount accessory which
also seems like something that probably
should have just been included I don't
know I'm conflicted because I like that
this is very cost effective it's not
that expensive for what you're getting I
don't know what the equivalent from
other providers looks like but even just
buying like a 5 Port 2.5 gig switch from
a bigname brand is not that cheap let me
look online really quick all right TP
Link 5 Port they say multi- gigabit but
it's a 2.5 gig switch 100 bucks us this
one's got 10 gig on it that's cool 125
that's like half the budget right there
gone this one has two 2.5 gig ports
which is better than what we've seen so
far but the rest of them are gigabit and
it is $200 at least on Raw specs here
we're looking better than that and this
is also an NVR so this does quite a bit
get our cables plugged in here we got
our W cable bam oh look at that that
it's a message from our sponsor pulseway
managing your it systems doesn't need to
be difficult and our sponsor pulseway
makes performing important actions on
your system simpler while having
complete visibility into your network
from anywhere all you need is pulseway
on your phone and you can monitor manage
and troubleshoot your workstations so
take control of your servers patches and
it systems with pulseway today by using
our link down in the description to save
40% on plans or start a free trial today
here's the little tool that they include
to open the m.2 slot I kind of like that
it's the security thing I also think it
would be very annoying to get this open
if you didn't have this and you lost it
is
this uh yes all right oh cool look at
that it's a 512 gig $279 so they're
charging you $79 for a 512 gig SSD $80
over the cost of this which when you
consider the $19 for this nice metal
housing I mean it is a nice metal
housing but my God guys there is no
special connector you totally could 3D
print this $80 is not gouging one ter is
$150 premium so 350 and the 2
terb it's two
280 this better be a good SSD in
here youbi I swear to god let's find out
this isn't actually even available yet
so if you buy the no SSD one you're not
going to be buying this drive sled thing
till September 23rd so keep that in mind
if you are ordering one swear to God
this better not be a cheap SSD I'm going
to be mad okay Kingston Gen 4
nvme drive not a generic crappy one
which is a good sign however how much
does this SD cost okay I actually found
the exact SSD on Mouser to buy one it's
$90 if you buy $5 the pricing goes down
to 72 I imagine they probably bought
thousands so I suspect the pricing would
be cheaper but I would have to call for
a
quote it's cool that it's Gen 4 though
and at least it is a good quality Drive
I don't know what the compatibility is
like I suspect that it's only going to
be pcie ssds but it doesn't say on their
website It also says only up to 2 tabt
but I don't see any reason why you
couldn't put a bigger Drive in here I
mean you can get m.2 ssds that are 8
terab but obviously pretty expensive
maybe not the most cost- effective thing
ever but it is an option you know what
this has this pcie connection I wonder
you could break this thing open and
stick one of those little like adapter
do hickeys in there and then put like a
30 tbte kokia drive that would be
ridiculous I'm not recommending that but
it probably would work I don't I don't
see why not right holy the floating
Mount is
$30 that's literally a piece of plastic
with a magnet in it h that's why you
just get the magnetic cable organizers
from LTT store.com you could totally
just magnet this to one of those wait is
this magnetic hold on hold on it's not
magnetic natively how does that out work
then oh I know what it is this has a
metal plate in the bottom and that thing
is a magnet that's so cheeky I guess
magnets cost money so that's probably
another way that they're trying to keep
the cost down on this thing if you were
to put the magnet in here they would
have to spend a couple dollars on the
magnet in here instead you buy it in the
plate I guess that makes sense let's set
it up oh it's not even ether lighting it
just has a little blinky light why did
they give us ether lighting maybe this
is just the default now okay here let's
see new devices hey there it is cloud
Gateway Max tap to set up test internet
speeds hey look at that it is connected
to a 2.5 gig Port I don't know how good
the speed test server is but that is
pretty close to 2.5 gig that's good
while we wait for this to firm more
update I'm just going to throw in a
couple of the specs here it's a quad
core arm cortex a53 at 1.5 GHz it's got
3 GB of RAM inside of here which is part
of why it can handle all these different
apps they don't list the storage
capacity without the SSD installed so
I'm not sure what that is I guess we can
probably see once it's on and it it's a
max power consumption of about 16 Watts
pretty effective in terms of the power
drw it's lower than some of the other
things like a dream machine which might
have a Poe switch integrated so that is
one downside of this so if you are
looking to set up a full UniFi Network
you're going to need a Poe switch or at
least Poe injectors on anything that
needs Poe power like an access point for
Wi-Fi or security cameras this one does
not provide it it is also only $200 and
they have some pretty cheap Poe switches
so you could set up a pretty inexpensive
ubiquity setup with this is the core oh
my God the firmware update 20 seconds
left come on this console has been set
up and is ready to transfer oh so they
added an option for your like remote
hands and you're setting this up for
somebody else once it's done updating
and everything you just click and you
enter their ubiquity account and it
transfers the ownership which I'm not
going to do right now on the website it
actually lists only one when but
here I can can I click the second one oh
maybe not so does look like confirmed
you can have two active internet
connections on this thing and failover
or load balance between them which is
pretty awesome it's disabled by default
which makes sense you probably want to
use those as ethernet ports and if
you're a newbie having that already set
up as a backup wi could be confusing
otherwise this is basically a
fully-fledged like a dream machine these
are all the different settings you can
do you can run VPN on it you can use IDs
and IPS you can actually have a third wi
I just found out using the UniFi e
backup if you wanted that much
redundancy that's a lot the only thing I
feel like is missing here is being able
to set these up in Shadow mode and have
failover on these so you could have a
redundant 2.5 gig setup for 400 bucks
that would be pretty nuts but doesn't
appear to be an option let me plug in my
laptop here let's get some juice going
off this machine here and if I go to
here look at that 2.5 gig so if I go to
like fast.com here yeah 2.5 gig look at
that I mean there's going to be a tiny
bit of overhead but generally speaking
you're pretty much there and also I
don't know how reliable I feel like
fast.com is inconsistent for me this
honestly seems a little slow and I'm not
actually sure why it must just be that
speed test is just being crappy I don't
I don't have a better explanation cuz
here fast.com we're clearly getting 2.5
gig look at those boys right there and
we got the
hi wow
radical dude overall this thing seems
pretty sick I don't know why the SSD
tray is $20 oh yeah look at the little
screen there's stuff on the screen oh
does it
automatically
yo it
automatically flips the screen this
looks sick if you got 2.5 gig like I
would totally buy this I wish it had Poe
too to be able to run like one access
point of one port with Poe would be
pretty sick but for 200 bucks just buy a
Poe and injector or buy an AP that comes
with the poe injector like U6 smesh
those are great this thing's sick I like
it get subscribe comment tell me what
you think about it I think very
cool thumbs up goodbye